add supervisord (#93)
expo/turtle: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- `turtle-cli` is now fetching the app manifest before running the build.
### Added

> - Added supervisord (pod is restarted if there is 5 failures in 10 minutes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running Android Turtle process with `supervisor` (pod is restarted if there were 5 failures in 10 minutes).
```
